Fixed a typo at the end of the 2nd checkbox at the top, and added a v… (#1777)
cloud-gov/product: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/platform-ops-member-onboarding.md

These items help us fulfill security and compliance requirements (including for FedRAMP). If you get stuck, or if these requirements are confusing, ask for help from your buddy or in a cloud.gov channel.

- [ ] Take judicious notes on what about this onboarding process or cloud.gov is confusing or frustrating. If you notice a problem (especially with things like documentation), you are more than welcome to fix it! At the very least, please share this information with your onboarding buddy (or someone) at some point so we can make the team/platform better. (You can also file issues and pull requests on [the template Onboarding checklist](https://github.com/cloud-gov/product/blob/master/OnboardingChecklist.md)).

> - [ ] Be sure to introduce yourself and follow up with your onboarding buddy (they should have reached out to you at this point; if they haven't, please let the team know) and make sure this issue is assigned to them in our [Github Project Planning Board](https://github.com/orgs/cloud-gov/projects/2). We use this board to organize, prioritize, and track our work).

Reviewer: Updated project board URL with the recent move to the beta board.

```suggestion
- [ ] Be sure to introduce yourself and follow up with your onboarding buddy (they should have reached out to you at this point; if they haven't, please let the team know) and make sure this issue is assigned to them in our [Github Project Planning Board](https://github.com/orgs/cloud-gov/projects/27/views/1). We use this board to organize, prioritize, and track our work.
```
